stella adler kitchen garden for and gentlemen
together rosemary was in the pot
away and that is making a real vegetable garden
charisma and on blocks at and
we are going to put that absolute spot on
did we think best is omg van
emoji to the jan farmer cuckoo
know this principle of a square meter
suit that is measuring a measuring app bin
cupcakes yes it's that simple really
a bin of a meter on the meter
the cell that is able to put on small
surfaces also vegetables and
to be able to grow herbs
because a lot of people have
vast deserts and if not
needed with a square meter container and
comes all printf proposal for the mine
stabbing each
sander fun I've not just yeah
you get the soil
poll before we can fill with
potting soil is important to another one
laying carrot cloth on the floor
that is necessary to prevent leaching
les simples traffic does work with you and us
pull there what you buy about it
the corners
let cut
then I will buy a strip in advance
sonja the square meter bin that is like
a lasagna
but actually means that we have everything
go into layers and we start with the
bottom layer
there the hydro grains are hydro grains
will ensure proper drainage of the
Grab all the water that is in it
it goes again may
cool to playful layer there is our next
layer is one mixed with
soil conditioner is soil conditioner and
potting soil for vegetables and herbs
how to mix and that was it again
on
so say our second layer that will like
last layer
one is used with normal potting soil
vegetables and herbs then it's easy
to make payments
so say sonja our lasagna is ready
we still have a few things to do and
we can make his fax one more
surprise skip
genes lasagna without vegetables have one
number of things to plant
then you can turn the boxes are quite small
so a salad
per package because those heads will be later
so big so you really have to place in between
load
there may also timing could plant
I think I am one of those at least 10
art to make long number of seeds
have ford focus on to rattling the
looking for tasty
of the green spring and the radishes